docs: Move in production with bonita-ui-builder (#2739)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/production-packaging.adoc

= Build the UI Production Binary
:bonitasoft: bonitasoft.jfrog.io/docker/bonita-ui-builder
:description: Procedure to build the UI production binary

NOTE: Before starting, ensure you have **Docker** the following tools installed on your system.

== Build docker image

* Add this Dockerfile in your project to the root of your project:

[[dockerfile]]
[source,docker]
----
include::example$Dockerfile[]
----

> * From Bonita UI Builder , export all applications and store them in the an `workspace` folder next to the Dockerfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* From Bonita UI Builder, export all applications and store them in the a `workspace` folder next to the Dockerfile.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* From Bonita UI Builder , export all applications and store them in the `workspace` folder next to the Dockerfile.
```

> NOTE: You can name the folder as you want and store it where you want, but you need to update the `WORKSPACE` build argument with the new path folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can change the default `workspace` folder and use any folder, but in this case use the `WORKSPACE` build argument with the new folder path.
```

> To build the production binary docker image you have two poss

Reviewer: End of the sentence missing ;-)

=== Default build command

> With this command, the image will be built with the default values define in the Dockerfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this command, the image will be built with the default values defined in the Dockerfile.
```

WARNING: If you use this command, be sure to have the `workspace` folder next to the Dockerfile.

[source,bash]
----
  docker build -t <image-name> .
----

=== Advanced build

You can override some default values by using the following build arguments:

[cols="1,1,1"]
|===
|Args | Description | Default value

|BASE |The base image to use | {bonitasoft-docker-repository}/bonita-ui-builder
|VERSION |The version of image to use | 1.0.0
|WORKSPACE  | The folder containing the apps descriptor | ./workspace/
|===

[source,bash]
----
  docker build --build-arg "BASE={bonitasoft-docker-repository}/bonita-ui-builder" \
               --build-arg "VERSION=<VERSION>" \
               --build-arg "WORKSPACE=./workspace/" \
               -t <image-name>:<version> .
----

[[run-production-binary]]
=== Run the production binary

To run the production docker image, you can use the following command:

[source,bash]
----
  docker run --name <container-name> -p 8080:80
            -e BONITA_API_URL=<bonita-runtime-url>/bonita/API
            <image-name>:<image-version>

> ----

Reviewer: Please add an example

Author: It's already an example

Reviewer: I mean a real command with values, instead of <>
I think it will help the user to know what to choose
